Ah 222
Hi I will look Dame bojil day mini-figures from b5 jet
It 's a product of the struggle of the season.
Of course, Lego is a genuine mini-figure season product that is the same as the original copy.
Lego genuine comes out randomly, but each one comes with this
Here are today's show deurilkka life a lot easier to go from the right
I can defeat anything with two tops, karate master.
Any challenge is ready and ready to accept any challenge
What training is the most important thing in life for him.
Because I am already a master, I always practice
He says he does not neglect .
Now Taekwondo second pampering these days, but then have to match the Korea Taekwondo
There do not know how the Lord was being so itguyo the art ruffles holding one
For example, there've put it itjyo jumper like that seems like exactly the same protection
I left it, but it's a bit out of color.
There are a variety of characters that explain this.
The party that once itgido come to see you next example in an unknown Blog
Let's see.
Now here I do not know how the brain yogeo yogeo yogeo
Yes . Let's play. Let's take a look at the figure.
1 master
Often cool
Despite being the best, he says he's constantly in training.
My arms are a little tough now,
* It was okay, yeah.
Please then spoke to
If you put your face like this, you could not do a wonderful karate master.
I can do it.
I do not know what's over in my chest.
That's what I'm tired of.
And when the atrophy is over, you can go head to head and put it on.
character
Here's something you may Ido Wolverine is being used. What I forgot to write various
Here then is the head and there is this old trophy that over there sy
It is similar to the product pack o when it comes to World Cup football.
If you fit it like this , you can put it in your hand, but you can also have a trophy.
I would like to see how this works .
It's nice to be a simple but athlete who dreams to be the best of all
Those who dream
It would be nice to put it in pine needles .
He says he painted it.
The world's leading cello list, and the name I do not know him, and interviews
He did it for three hours a day practicing Even though more than 70 years to the day
He came.
No. You're an best of the best world practice, why the prayer wheels worse day
I asked him about it, and he said that he did it.
I always practice every day and my skills keep growing a little bit
I would say the same ah, rather than in order to do well more than the others,
It's better than yesterday .
More naeunde while one dreamed any more steadily Sarah Shin steadily harder
I would like you to be followed by a light bulb To come up to study more handling
Hope you guys are not.
Come along to today's practice what not created to increase
Not that
Charm and recommend one thing Io
5 4